Add note about the tagging bot to area-owners.md (#39750)
dotnet/runtime: docs/area-owners.md

If you need to tag folks on an issue or PR, you will generally want to tag the owners (not the lead).

> Note: Editing this file doesn't update the mapping used by the `@msftbot` issue notification bot to tag owners, contact `@danmosemsft` for that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: Editing this file doesn't update the mapping used by the `@msftbot` issue notification bot to tag owners. To update those notifications, contact any one of `@danmosemsft`, `@jeffschw`, `@ericstj`, `@karelz`, or `@jeffschw`. We can also add community members to the notifications if interested, just let us know.
```
